A game can already move beautifully and still feel unfinished in silence.
FRAMEFOLEY turns one short clip into a tested, inspectable sound kit.
It is not a chat box and does not pretend to understand the whole game.
It helps a creator make three precise sound decisions.
JELLY RELAY is an original twelve-second demo generated from code,
with no third-party footage and no embedded audio.
Mark the glass landing, bubble pop, and route confirmation,
then lock one of four bounded sonic styles.
Each event receives exactly two independent candidates.
This run is explicitly CACHED DEMO and MOCKED LOCAL STORAGE.
It never calls cached files live or claims they reached B2.
Final-version LIVE evidence is captured separately.
Genblaze orchestrates each generated candidate and records its provenance.
Backblaze B2 stores source, assets, manifests, QC, derivatives, preview, and export.
Deterministic code performs the technical audio checks.
The developer still makes the creative decision by ear.
FRAMEFOLEY measures duration, peak, RMS, silence, channels,
sample rate, and SHA-256 using fixed deterministic thresholds.
Repair may trim, control gain, limit, downmix, resample, and convert.
Original lineage stays intact; canonical manifests are never edited.
Play A alone, switch to B in exact video context, compare metrics,
and approve by ear. Nothing autoplays.
The authoritative server render delays approved WAVs to exact timestamps,
applies bounded gain, mixes, limits, and encodes H.264/AAC.
The mix map records event, candidate, timestamp, gain,
source hash, and render hash. This recording remains LOCAL / MOCKED.
The deterministic ZIP contains preview, WAV, OGG, waveforms,
QC, manifests, project state, and provenance.
The ZIP receives a size, timestamp, inventory, and SHA-256.
Production B2 uses the same private project object path.
The provenance inspector exposes source label, prompt, parameters,
provider/model, lineage, timestamps, object key, hashes, QC, and approval.
The sound may be synthetic. The history is not.
That is FRAMEFOLEY.